Those who hear them seldom live to tell the tale!
Consult the Book of Armaments!
Do your worst!
There you go.
You must tie her down on a bed and spank her.
We have the Holy Hand Grenade.
O Knights of Ni, you are just and fair, and we will return with a shrubbery.
He's not quite dead.
... we shall not stop our fight 'til each one of you lies dead, and the Holy Grail returns to those whom God has chosen!
What, behind the rabbit?
Sir Galahad of Camelot.
Get a blanket.
I would be honored.
I did say 'sorry' about the 'old woman', but from the behind you looked--
That sank into the swamp.
Uh, but you are dressed as one.
Uh, very small rocks!
Bravest of the brave, Sir Robin.
We're coming with you.
I wave my private parts at your aunties, you cheesy lot of second hand electric donkey-bottom biters.
He who answers the five questions--
There is much danger, for beyond the cave lies the Gorge of Eternal Peril, which no man has ever crossed.
I want to cut his headoff!
Bravely bold Sir Robin, rode forth from Camelot.
Well, what is it?
Don't say that word.
Uhh, can he leave the room with us?
 Run away!
And now, the big one!
Oh, there you go, bringing class into it again.
Honestly, I can cope.
 What are you doing now?!
Let me go, my liege.
Come on then.
Cut that out!
I mean, they were more than two laden swallows' flights away-- four, really, if they had a coconut on a line between them.
Firstly, you must find... another shrubbery!
No, it's too perilous.
Skip a bit, Brother.
Are you sure he's got one?
Oh, you have suffered much.
What's he do, nibble your bum?
So, why do witches burn?
And don't apologise.
I am not afraid.
... Heh heh heh heh...
What's wrong with her?!
 Ho ho.
What is your name?
Sir Lancelot the Brave; Sir Gallahad the Pure; and Sir Robin the-not-quite-so-brave-as-Sir-Lancelot, who had nearly fought the Dragon of Angnor, who had nearly stood up to the vicious Chicken of Bristol, and who had personally wet himself at the Battle of Badon Hill; and the aptly named Sir Not-appearing-in-this-film.
But there is one small problem.
We'll keep him in here, obviously.
Uh, he's already got one, you see?
Who sent you?
But the fourth one... stayed up!
Well, does it say anything else?
 I seek the finest and the bravest knights in the land to join me in my court at Camelot.
Yeah, a bit.
Yes he is.
He must have died while carving it.
All that you can see, stretched out over the hills and valleys of this land!
I understand, my liege.
No, I've got to go to the Robinson's.
Oh, no, you knew it all, didn't you?
We were so worried when the boys were writing it, but now, we're glad.
Well, I can explain.
 For, since the tragic death of her father--
Look, it's quite simple.
Away, away varletesses.
There's no grail here.
Supposing two swallows carried it together?
Yapping on all the time.
He's got huge, sharp-- eh-- he can leap about-- look at the bones!
... your dead!
Ha ha haaa ha!
(I told him we already got one.)
King of the Britons, defeator of the Saxons, sovereign of all England!
Unfortunately, one of them, my son Herbert, has just fallen to his death.
Oh, I won't go.
Well, what do I think?
It is I, Arthur, son of Uther Pendragon, from the castle of Camelot.
Go on, Bors.
No, Sir Galahad.
Aaah!, hiyaah!, etc.
He says they've already got one!
At least ours was better visually.
We will find you a shrubbery.
Cut down a tree with a herring?
We have no hospital.
Look, let me go back in there and face the peril.
I'll do you for that!
Forgive me for asking.
We've found a witch!
It sank into the swamp.
That burned down, fell over, then sank into the swamp.
Make sure the Prince doesn't leave this room until I come and get him.
We have no shrubberies here.
What is this test, O Knights of-- Knights Who 'Til Recently Said 'Ni'?
N-- no no.
And this isn't my nose.
And this one's for your dad!
I seek the Grail.
(Fetchez la vache.)
Aaaaugh!, Aaaugh!, etc.
So, how do we tell whether she is made of wood?
We sing from the diaphragm a lot 
No, no-- 'ni'.
Is that clear?
By 'anging on to outdated imperialist dogma which perpetuates the economic and social differences in our society.
I'm afraid when I'm in this idiom, I sometimes get a bit, uh, sort of carried away.
Yes, I think so.
We have ridden the length and breadth of the land in search of knights who will join me in my court at Camelot.
I am a shrubber.
He'd just say it!
Oh thank you!
I am in haste.
He's come to rescue me, Father.
You were in great peril.
This is supposed to be a happy occasion!
I command you, in the name of the Knights of Camelot, to open the doors of this sacred castle, to which God Himself has guided us!
We haven't a chance.
Ha hee ha!
Listen, strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government.
And what do you burn apart from witches?
I have to push the pram a lot 
My, that's an offensive weapon, that is.
But all the decision of that officer have to be ratified at a special bi-weekly meeting--
Don't be afraid of him, Sir Launcelot.
He who is valiant and pure of spirit may find the Holy Grail in the Castle of uuggggggh'.
She looks like one.
I have come to take y-- Oh, I'm terribly sorry.
I was in the forest, um, riding north from Camelot, when I got this note, you see--
This'll be your kingdom, lad.
King of the who?
Let us taunt it!
Oh, you mean sort of a 'aaaah'!
Pie Iesu domine, dona eisrequiem.
Look, my liege!
What is your favorite color?
Hee hee heh.
You are the keepers of the Holy Grail?
There is going to be a spanking tonight!
Then, shalt thou count to three, no more, no less.
Oh, but you are tired, and you must rest awhile.
And the Grail.
So I built a third one.
I am ready!
Since the near fatal wounding of her father--
So they couldn't bring a coconut back anyway...  
Now stand aside, worthy adversary.
No, I feel much better.
How many did we lose?
One rabbit stew comin' right up!
Who approacheth the Bridge of Death must answer me these questions three, ere the other side he see.
Would it help to confuse it if we run away more?
We eat ham and jam and spam a lot We're knights of the Round Table.
What are they?
Who is eet?
We need all the land we can get.
You are in great peril!
It wasn't just a string of pussy jokes.
Well, you could say 'Dennis'.
'Course it's a good idea!
It's only a model.
Oh, certainly, sir.
How do you know she is a witch?
Where are you going?
Well, we all are.
Yes, depart a lot at this time, and cut the approaching any more or we fire arrows at the tops of your heads and make castanets out of your testicles already!
I have seen it, here in this castle!
He beat a very brave retreat.
What is the capital of Assyria?
The Tale of Sir Robin.
... Ha ha ha!
Are you suggesting coconuts migrate?
Uh-- uh, so, uh, anything that you could do to, uh-- to help, would be... very... helpful.
The ferocity of the French taunting took him completely by surprise, and Arthur became convinced that a new strategy was required if the quest for the Holy Grail were to be brought to a successful conclusion.
Yes, O Zoot?
I order you to be quiet!
I'll bite your legs off
We do routines and chorus scenes With footwork impeccable.
You may lie here.
I knew someone would.
They're the ones.
Sir Galahad... the Chaste.
 Bring out your dead!
Oh, what sad times are these when passing ruffians can 'ni' at will to old ladies.
All right, sonny.
 That is why I am your king!
Ah, but can you not also make bridges out of stone?
Oh, quite clear.
You know my name?
Burn the witch!
Yes, I can help you find the Holy Grail.
Oh, I am afraid our life must seem very dull and quiet compared to yours.
How d'you do?
To have his kneecaps split, and his body burned away, And his limbs all hacked and mangled, brave Sir Robin!
Don't like her?!
Must be a king.
I've got a great idea.
Well, I'm awfully sorry.
It is here, in this--
Oh, but come.
Oh, yeah, an African swallow maybe, but not a European swallow.
What happens now?
 Keep running!
He won't be long.
 You have proved yourself worthy.
Where is the Grail?!
Well, it's always the same.
It's a false one.
I think kill him.
Over here... 
He is brave Sir Robin, brave Sir Robin, who--
Oh stop bitching and let's go have tea.
Uh... Oh, yes.
And get that suit on!
I arrange, design, and sell shrubberies.
We'll kill him first and then have tea and biscuits.
And then, spank me.
Who's going to answer the questions?
Just answer the five questions--
Oh, stop it!
The Black Knight always triumphs!
Not the curtains, lad.
I can't take him.
Look well, Arthur, for it is your sacred task to seek this grail.
So he has.
Oh, I can't take him like that.
Well taken, Concorde!
... we cannot hear!
Well, do us a favor.
Your arm's off!
You even kicked the bride in the chest!
Oh, he fell a long, long way...
France, I think.
Hey, this one is for your mother!
An African or European swallow?
Look, can you tell us where-- 
You're not doing it properly.
But then of course a-- African swallows are non-migratory.
Well, you didn't bother to find out, did you?
The Bridge of Death!
Just a flesh wound.
It is King Arthur, and these are my Knights of the Round Table.
 We thank Thee Lord, that in Thy mer--
As the horrendous Black Beast lunged forward, escape for Arthur and his knights seemed hopeless, when suddenly, the animator suffered a fatal heart attack.
Heh heh heeh ooh... 
Who does he think he is?
Bring her forward.
She is a bad person and must pay the penalty.
We shall do no such thing!
Stop saying the word!
I bet you're gay.
He is sneaking away and buggering up--
Are you sure that's absolutely necessary?
I can handle this lot easily.
Knights, I bid you welcome to your new home.
Oh, cut your own head off!
Of course not!
What do you mean?
How do you do, good lady.
In twenty minutes you're getting married to a girl whose father owns the biggest tracts of open land in Britain.
And so we're-- we're-- we're-- we're looking for it.
Brave Sir Robin ran away.
Yes, brave Sir Robin turned about
You've got it.
Who art thou?
Get that one.
Winter changed into Spring.
Message for you, sir.
Now, this is your last chance.
Ni, Peng, and Neee-wom!
Very nice castle, Camelot.
So be it!
We are now... no longer the Knights Who Say 'Ni'.
When danger reared its ugly head, he bravely turned his tail and fled.
We are just not used to handsome knights.
Stand by for attack!
Have at you!
Bravely ran away away.
B-- b-- but Father, I don't want any of that.
Remove the supports!
Tell me, what do you do with witches?
No, now go away or I shall taunt you a second time-a!
A blessing from the Lord!
We dine well here in Camelot.
You are a scholar.
Sir Launcelot had saved Sir Galahad from almost certain temptation, but they were still no nearer the Grail.
Dennis, there's some lovely filth down here.
Oh, wicked, wicked Zoot.
Old man, where does he live?
Hurry, Sir Launcelot!
Oh, if-- if-- if-- uhh-- if-- if-- w-- ehh-- i-- if-- if we--
Sir Robin rode north, through the dark forest of Ewing, accompanied by his favorite minstrels.
'Tis but a scratch.
There it is!
I'm not a witch.
What is that?
I thought you meant him.
And, uh, make sure he doesn't leave.
You'll be stone dead in a moment.
He said the word again!
We don't have a lord.
Look, um, you're a busy man, uh--
One that looks nice.
I'm really most awfully sorry.
 ... dona eis requiem.
Um, oo, a-- nothing, nothing really.
I said it!
Yes, get on with it!
Y-- y-- yes.
 I am Arthur, King of the Britons.
Then you shall die.
This cannot be.
Good Sir Knight, will you come with me to Camelot, and join us at the Round Table?
Uh, here-- here in this forest.
Not at all.
 Is there anywhere in this town where we could buy a shrubbery?
How do know so much about swallows?
It's a simple question of weight ratios!
You fell out of the Tall Tower, you creep!
And this enchanter of whom you speak, he has seen the Grail?
Not another shrubbery!
Did you hear that, eh?
You've got two empty halves of coconut and you're bangin' 'em together.
You know, she's got a point.
So, brave knights, if you do doubt your courage or your strength, come no further, for death awaits you all with nasty, big, pointy teeth.
And Saint Attila raised the hand grenade up on high, saying,'O Lord, bless this thy hand grenade that with it thou mayest blow thine enemies to tiny bits, in thy mercy.'
Oh-- this one.
Please, please, please come and rescue me.
 In the name of King Arthur, open the door!
I mean, if the birds were walking and dragging--
She has got a wart.
Oh, but you are wounded!
Uh, I am Sir Launcelot, sir.
Open the door!
I like the laurels particularly.
I'm averting my eyes, O Lord.
And, if you think you got a nasty taunting this time, you ain't heard nothing yet, dappy English k-nnniggets!
Today the blood of many a valiant knight shall be avenged.
We shall use my largest scales.
Well, what's that then?
Bedevere, my liege.
Let us ride... to... Camelot!
Silence, foul temptress!
There is a pestilence upon this land.
Well, I didn't vote for you.
You yellow bastards!
This is the castle of my master Guy de Loimbard.
My name is Roger the Shrubber.
Every time I try to talk to someone it's 'sorry this' and 'forgive me that' and 'I'm not worthy'.
No one live there.
What knight live in that castle over there?
This is Sir Launcelot from the Court of Camelot, a very brave and influential knight, and my special guest here today.
He's going to tell about his great escape...
One... two... five!
Go and boil your bottom, sons of a silly person.
A five ounce bird could not carry a one pound coconut.
Greetings, Tim the Enchanter.
All right, we'll call it a draw.
Oh, it's not a very good name is it?
A year passed.
Shrubberies are my trade.
We burn her!
Well, what are you then?
The Knights Who Say 'Ni'.
 Look on!
I'm not old.
It reads, 'Here may be found the last words of Joseph of Arimathea.
Explain again how sheep's bladders may be employed to prevent earthquakes.
You must return here with a shrubbery or else you will never pass through this wood alive!
What are you doing in England?
You see, I hadn't--
Well, I am king!
You must spank her well.
No, no, no, no...
No, no, no!
It is here.
Well, we did do the nose.
I can defeat them!
But I don't want to think I've not lost a son, so much as... gained a daughter!
I shall make a feint to the north-east that s--
So, you think you could out-clever us French folk with your silly knees-bent running about advancing behaviour?!
I've got a rope all ready.
Get the sword out.
Look, that rabbit's got a vicious streak a mile wide; it's a killer!
If you do not agree to my commands, then I shall-- Jesus Christ!
We don't need to do anything, apart from just stop him entering the room.
Allo, dappy English k-niggets and Monsieur Arthur King, who has the brain of a duck, you know.
Well, you shall not have been mortally wounded in vain!
And we'd better not risk another frontal assault.
You are indeed brave, Sir Knight, but the fight is mine.
I am, ... and this is my trusty servant Patsy.
They dressed me up like this.
Did you say 'shrubberies'?
He's very ill.
He says he's not dead!
The Tale of Sir Galahad.
Bring up the Holy Hand Grenade!
Until one day..
It's a busy life in Camelot.
Anarcho-syndicalism is a way of preserving freedom.
The Knights Who Say 'Ni' demand a sacrifice!
The dead Prince!
What, held under the dorsal guiding feathers?
Pie Iesu domine, donaeis requiem.
Welcome to the Castle Anthrax.
No, they'd have to have it on a line.
He asks each traveller five questions--
Good luck, brave Sir Launcelot.
Well, he will be soon.
Oh, well, excuse me, I--
... Ha ha ha ha!
Brave Sir Robin, you go.
There are some who call me... Tim?
Until I come and get him.
Well, I didn't know you were called 'Dennis'.
I've been more than reasonable.
Yes, we're-- we're looking for the Holy Grail.
Surely you've not given up your quest for the Holy Grail?
It's not right for my idiom!
Thank you very much.
 Heh heh heh heh ho!
What a wonderful escape!
He knows of a cave, a cave which no man has entered.
The Grail is there?
 You seek the Holy Grail!
Leaving the room.
Our shows are formidable, But many times we're given rhymes That are quite unsingable.
Oh, wicked, bad, naughty, evil Zoot!
Would you, uh, like to come and have a drink?
You just keep him in here, and make sure he--
Come this way!
We were in the nick of time.
What language is that?
Put him in the van.
He will beat us easily... 
Burn her anyway!
No, that's Saint Ives.
Chop his head off!
Brave, brave Concorde, you shall not have died in vain!
Not only by surprise, but totally unarmed!
I have no quarrel with you, good Sir Knight, but I must cross this bridge.
In the name of the Lord, we demand entrance to this sacred castle!
Are you saying 'ni' to that old woman?
'Aauuuuugh', at the back of the throat.
My liege, it's Sir Robin!
Three shalt be the number thou shalt count, and the number of the counting shall be three.
Did you see him repressing me?
Who's castle is this?
Oh, that's an unladen swallow's flight, obviously.
Get on with it.
The oral sex!
Look, you stupid bastard.
What are you going to do, bleed on me?
You stay in the room and make sure he doesn't leave.
No, it isn't.
You just stay here, and make sure 'e doesn't leave the room.
This is going to cost me a fortune!
Heh, hee hee hee hee!
We want... a shrubbery!
You're not next to him.
I-- I don't know that!
Oh, let me have just a little bit of peril?
Heh, hee ha ha hee hee!
I blow my nose at you, so-called Arthur King, you and all your silly English k-nnnnniggets.
And that, my liege, is how we know the earth to be banana-shaped.
We are doctors.
You've come to rescue me!
Will you join me?
Well, I'll ask him, but I don't think he'll be very keen.
If... she... weighs... the same as a duck, ... she's made of wood.
Perhaps I could--
Between our quests we sequin vests and impersonate Clark Gable.
No, no, sweet Concorde!
That's what I'm on about.
I soiled my armor I was so scared!
There he is!
You are delirious.
You're not going into a song while I'm here.
In war we're tough and able, Quite indefatigable.
Our quest is to find the Holy Grail.
No you're not.
That is our quest.
That's what it's all about.
Brave, brave, brave, brave Sir Robin!
Oh, shut up.
And there was much rejoicing.
Um, I really can explain everything.
If only people would hear of--
Follow only if ye be men of valor, for the entrance to this cave is guarded by a creature so foul, so cruel that no man yet has fought with it and lived!
And I want his only daughter to look upon me as her old dad, in a very real, and legally binding sense.
Greetings, King Arthur!
I don't want to go on the cart!
And the hat, but she is a witch!
We are all Britons, and I am your king.
We will cover your escape!
Bones of full fifty men lie strewn about its lair.
Please, please good people.
We are the Knights Who Say... 'Ni'!
We're going to have all this knocked through, and made into one big, uh, living room.
No yel-- auuuuuuuugh!
Just ignore them.
The Tale of Sir Launcelot.
Try to relax.
Ridden on a horse?
The quest for Holy Grail could continue.
Then you are cast into the Gorge of Eternal Peril.
In the name of God, ...
I command you, as King of the Britons, to stand aside!
Nothing is sacred.
Use this duck.
Looks like there's dirty work afoot.
And here in Castle Anthrax, we have but one punishment for setting alight the grail-shaped beacon.
Here is a duck.
A cry of distress!
The Lady of the Lake, ... ... her arm clad in the purest shimmering samite, held aloft Excalibur from the bosom of the water signifying by Divine Providence that I, Arthur, was to carry Excalibur.
Isn't there a Saint Aauuuves in Cornwall?
Our quest is at an end!
I thought we were an autonomous collective.
Agh!, oh!, etc.
Yes, do us all a favor!
I feel happy.
No, no-- it's-- it's nothing.
Uh, well, I-- I got a-- a note.
Yes you were.
Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony.
Now look here, my good man--
Oh, you must see the doctors immediately!
Heh, hee ha ha hee!
Didn't mean to?!
He said it again!
Ah, thanks very much.
It may become so cross that it will make a mistake.
Now knock it off!
And gallantly he chickened out, bravely taking to his feet.
Will you ask your master if he wants to join my court at Camelot?!
Ah, now we see the violence inherent in the system.
Come on, Concorde!
Well, that-- that's, uh, awfully nice of you, ...
There's nothing wrong with that!
Well, I'll tell you.
We are now the Knights Who Say 'Ecky-ecky-ecky-ecky-pikang-zoop-boing-goodem-zoo-owli-zhiv'.
Once the number three, being the third number, be reached, then lobbest thou thy Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch towards thy foe, who, being naughty in my sight, shall snuff it.'
 French persons!
Oh, yes, it's very nice-a.
We are but eight score young blondes and brunettes, all between sixteen and nineteen-and-a-half, cut off in this castle with no one to protect us.
Then I dub you Sir Bedevere, Knight of the Round Table
What a strange person.
We've got a witch!
May we burn her?
What makes you think she is a witch?
Oh, Dennis, forget about freedom.
Do you think this scene should have been cut?
Oh, go and get a glass of water.
In order to maintain air-speed velocity, a swallow needs to beat its wings forty-three times every second, right?
Well, I can't just call you 'Man'.
Do they listen to me?
Look, if he was dying, he wouldn't bother to carve 'aaggggh'.
I will send help as soon as I have accomplished a daring and heroic rescue in my own particular...  
Do you suppose he meant the Camaaaaaargue?
You've got no arms left.
It is a silly place.
Seek you the Bridge of Death.
Hiyya!, Ha!, etc.
And so, Arthur and Bedevere and Sir Robin set out on their search to find the enchanter of whom the old man had spoken in scene twenty-four.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Oh, let's be nice to him.
... Hee ha ha ha.
I said it again!
If there's ever going to be any progress with the--
Did you kill all those guards?
Spring changed into Summer.
Well, at least ours was committed.
Am I right?
C'est un lapin, lapin de bois.
No, I am Zoot's identical twin sister, Dingo.
You see what I mean?
You said it again!
So be it.
Yes, yes, you must give us all a good spanking!
But the Grail!
Yes, my liege!
Look, isn't there something you can do?
We take it in turns to act as a sort of executive officer for the week.
No chance, English bed-wetting types.
If you will not show us the Grail, we shall take your castle by force!
Who lives in that castle?
Mine is Zoot.
Well, I could stay a bit longer.
Bring out your dead!
I must escape more...  
W-- just keep me covered.
They could be carried.
B-- but I don't want land.
Oh, all right.
Then we'd best leave them here and carry on on foot.
We are here today to witness the union of two young people in the joyful bond of the holy wedlock.
Knights of Ni, we are but simple travellers who seek the enchanter who lives beyond these woods.
We have been for some time.
That's three 'it's!
Oh, thank you.
You silly sod!
But he's here with us today...
There are ways of telling whether she is a witch.
... um, I mean to be so understanding.
Who's castle is that?
Actually, I think I'm all right to come with you, sir--
I was looking for it.
A swallow carrying a coconut?
The Bridge of Death, which leads to the Grail?
Victory is mine!
I didn't know we had a king.
Welcome gentle Sir Knight.
Oh, it's just a harmless little bunny, isn't it?
I have seen it!
O fair one, behold your humble servant Sir Launcelot of Camelot.
You mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries!
Come on, you pansy!
For, since her own father, who, when he seemed about to recover, suddenly felt the icy hand of death upon him.
Heh heh heh!
They'd just use a strand of creeper!
What is he doing here?
 Who's that then?
I am Arthur, King of the Britons.
I'll tear them apart!
You must try to rest.
What an eccentric performance
I warned you, but did you listen to me?
What is your quest?
It is the rabbit!
Put this man in the van.
Shall I, sir?
Beyond the forest they met Launcelot and Galahad, and there was much rejoicing.
What does it say?
Hee hee hee ha ha ha...
I told you.
Arthur, having consulted his closest knights, decided that they should separate, and search for the Grail individually.
Um, n-- n-- n-- nobody really, I'm j-- j-- j-- ju-- just um, just passing through.
B--... 'cause they're made of... wood?
Not the Knights Who Say 'Ni'!
'Tis one of the sacred relics Brother Maynard carries with him!
Ohh, ha ha ha ha ha!
My name is Sir Launcelot of Camelot.
Then, when you have found the shrubbery, you must cut down the mightiest tree in the forest... with... a herring!
This new learning amazes me, Sir Bedevere.
He was not at all afraid to be killed in nasty ways.
Thank you, sir!
Summer changed back into Winter.
Who leaps out?
I will take him single-handed.
I'm not dead!
Then who is your lord?
His head smashed in and his heart cut out, And his liver removed and his bowels unplugged, And his nostrils raped and his bottom burned off, And his pen--
He was not in the least bit scared to be mashed into a pulp, Or to have his eyes gouged out, and his elbows broken.
Oh, she is a naughty person, and she must pay the penalty.
Well, what is it you want?
Well, this is the main hall.
Why doesn't Launcelot go?
Throw her into the pond!
Let's not bicker and argue about who killed who.
 And no singing!
I got better.
She has been setting alight to our beacon, which, I have just remembered, is grail-shaped.
How dare you profane this place with your presence!
Look, stop that.
No, not anyone else.
No, it's not that, it's 'ni'.
You know much that is hidden, O Tim.
You don't vote for kings.
The Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch!
To seek the Holy Grail.
A self-perpetuating autocracy in which the working classes--
Anyway, you've got bad breath.
You're not fooling anyone you know.
Come and see the violence inherent in the system!
 Come on then.
Well, I really didn't mean to...
Ha haw haw!
I done it again!
Almighty God, we thank Thee that Thou hast vouchsafed to us the most holy-- Jesus Christ!
Oh, I don't think so.
I feel happy...
And how d'you get that, eh?
Oh, had enough, eh?
Over we go!
Then, when you have found the shrubbery, you must place it here beside this shrubbery, only slightly higher so you get the two-level effect with a little path running down the middle.
Have we got bows?
That is your purpose, Arthur... the quest for the Holy Grail.
It's against regulations.
What, the curtains?
Uh, very good pig country...
Where could we find this cave, O Tim?
And the Lord spake, saying, 'First shalt thou take out the Holy Pin.
No, not you.
It's not the first time we've had this problem.
Well, she turned me into a newt.
By a simple majority in the case of purely internal affairs,--
Uh, gra-- gravy!
So each of the knights went their separate ways.
Back to your bed!
Bad, bad Zoot!
... there must be... someone...
Oh, he's died!
Who are you?
Oh, don't grovel!
No he isn't.
Behold the cave of Caerbannog!
Well, this is a temperate zone.
 A witch!
Uh, they have a basic medical training, yes.
Oh, yeah, I agree with that.
On to scene twenty-four, which is a smashing scene with some lovely acting, in which Arthur discovers a vital clue, and in which there aren't any swallows, although I think you can hear a starling-- oooh
Oh, i-- if-- i-- oh--
Well, it doesn't matter.
But if he had to leave and we were with him--
the Knights of the Round Table
If you do not tell us where we can buy a shrubbery, my friend and I will say... we will say... 'ni'.
I'm not afraid.
Well, uh, you see, the thing is, I thought your son was a lady.
We shall say 'ni' again to you if you do not appease us.
Did you dress her up like this?
 Bring out...
He hasn't got shit all over him.
Not like that!
Um, I don't want to waste any more of your time, but, uh, I don't suppose you could, uh, tell us where we might find a, um-- find a, uh-- a, um-- a, uh--
I seek the Grail!
If you do not open this door, we shall take this castle by force!
Ask me the questions, bridgekeeper.
Well, I-- I-- uh--
He's killed the best man!
In the frozen land of Nador, they were forced to eat Robin's minstrels.
It's the legendary Black Beast of Aaauugh!
Oh, I see.
Off you go.
In God's name, show me the Grail!
 I have seen--
Oh, I don't.
Hmm hmm-- Oh!
I'll, um, I'll just stay here then.
Just keep him in here--
They're nervous, sire.
We'll stay here until you get back.
Well, why not?
You mangy scots git!
No, it is far from this place.
To fight and--
Oh shut up.
The Castle Anthrax?
She's got huge... tracts o' land.
And the Lord did grin, and the people did feast upon the lambs and sloths and carp and anchovies and orangutans and breakfast cereals and fruit bats and large chu--
Now... go 
When I started here, all there was was swamp.
I mean, if I went 'round saying I was an emperor just because some moistened bint had lobbed a scimitar at me, they'd put me away!
And you'll come and get him.
Now he's said the word!
You put your sword right through his head!
I'm afraid not!
Burn them up!
No, no, no, no.
We're an anarcho-syndicalist commune.
We haven't got enough mud.
Yes I have.
You're a Knight of the Round Table?
We must examine you.
How can we not say the word if you don't tell us what it is?
U-- u-- uh, Launcelot, Galahad, and I.
So, we French fellows outwit you a second time!
Well, look, I-- I-- uh--
I burst my pimples at you and call your door-opening request a silly thing, you tiny-brained wipers of other people's bottoms!
Did you hear that?
How you English say, 'I one more time, mac, unclog my nose in your direction', sons of a window-dresser!
You fight with the strength of many men, Sir Knight.
You are English types-a!
We live in a bloody swamp.
I don't wanna talk to you no more, you empty headed animal food trough wiper!
Perhaps he was dictating.
I'm your son!
Shut your noise, you!
... dona eis requiem.
Hee ha ha..
I'm warning you!
I'd rather... ... just... sing!
I can understand that.
This could be the sign that leads us to the Holy Grail!
I am sworn to chastity.
Pull that off.
Well, but you can't expect to wield supreme executive power just 'cause some watery tart threw a sword at you!
Other kings said I was daft to build a castle on a swamp, but I built it all the same, just to show 'em.
O Knights of Ni, we have brought you your shrubbery.
Well, that's no ordinary rabbit.
Well, let's not jump to conclusions.
He's not quite dead!
I am in the Tall Tower of Swamp Castle.'
Uh, I am a Knight of King Arthur, sir.
Who are you who are so wise in the ways of science?
It could be carried by an African swallow!
Even those who arrange and design shrubberies are under considerable economic stress at this period in history.
Oh, not biscuits.
Oh, I am enjoying this scene.
Who are they?
I feel fine!
Come back here and take what's coming to you.
We're knights of the round table.
Where does he live?
Oh, shut up!
That rabbit's dynamite.
And take this!
It's a fair cop.
Well, u-- um, can we come up and have a look?
Oh, come on!
There's the old man from scene twenty-four!
He will beat us easily!
Until you come and get him, we're not to enter the room.
You would not be so ungallant as to refuse our hospitality.
Meanwhile, King Arthur and Sir Bedevere, not more than a swallow's flight away, had discovered something.
Oh, don't worry about that.
Three questions as best you can.
I fart in your general direction!
Well, can you hang around a couple of minutes?
Get on with it!
May we go now?
Wait a minute!
It's like those miserable Psalms-- they're so depressing.
Does wood sink in water?
Who would cross the Bridge of Death must answer me these questions three, ere the other side he see.
I'm getting better!
I think I'll go for a walk.
You saw it, didn't you
Just pack that in.
Far from it.
And after the spanking, the oral sex.
'... the Castle of uuggggggh'.
What is it?
I must speak with your lord and master.
Just... pull it off.
And spank me.
Mind your own business!
(Fetchez la vache!)
Oh, but we are nice and we will attend to your every, every need!
Defeat at the castle seems to have utterly disheartened King Arthur.
I'm not interested!
You were in terrible peril.
Keep me covered.
He buggered off.
The cartoon peril was no more.
They cost fifty pounds each!
Uh, leap out of the rabbit, uh, and uh...
I just get carried away.
A g-- a-- a g-- a g-- a-- a g--
No, not 'is'.
I, uh, j-- j-- just--just to um, just to p-- pass through, good Sir Knight.
And after you have spanked her, you may deal with her as you like.
Well, what seems to be the trouble?
I knew that somewhere out there...  
Could, uh-- could somebody give me a push, please
 What manner of man are you that can summon up fire without flint or tinder?
Back with 'em.
It's not a question of where he grips it!
He's getting better!
By what name are you known?
We have ridden since the snows of winter covered this land, through the kingdom of Mercea, through--
I have been imprisoned by my father, who wishes me to marry against my will.
Is there someone else up there we could talk to?
What do you want?
What is your name, handsome knight?
Well, that's what's carved in the rock!
Sir Robin of Camelot.
You don't frighten us, English pig-dogs!
I know not, my liege.
You got us all worked up!
You killed eight wedding guests in all!
I don't know that!
 Ayy, up!
Not to leave the room even if you come and get him.
Look, it's my duty as a knight to sample as much peril as I can.
Oh, un cadeau.
Farewell, sweet Concorde!
I always tell them--
Three questions may cross in safety.
I don't think I was.
The beds here are warm and soft, and very, very big.
Therefore, we must give you a test.
You know, it seemed a bit daft me havin' to guard him when he's a guard.
Where'd you get the coconuts?
Shut up, will you.
Speak to me!
The swallow may fly south with the sun or the house martin or the plover may seek warmer climes in winter, yet these are not strangers to our land?
He is the keeper of the Bridge of Death.
Look, I can tackle this lot single-handed!
bathing, dressing, undressing, making exciting underwear.
I want you to stay here and make sure 'e doesn't leave.
No, I feel fine, actually, sir.
It's better than some of the previous scenes, I think.
 You make me sad.
Yes, of course!
Oh, yes, of course.
We found them.
We're opera mad in Camelot.
One day, lad, all this will be yours!
It's good to see you.
Now, you're not allowed to enter the room-- aaugh!
Yes, I see.
What if you get a question wrong?
Pull the other one!
Look, I'll have your leg.
Running away, eh?
Uh, well, no.
I move for no man.
You wouldn't get vary far in life not saying 'is'.
What is the air-speed velocity of an unladen swallow?
Well, you have to know these things when you're a king, you know.
And now, remain gone, illegitimate-faced bugger-folk!
No I'm not
That settles it!
All right, not biscuits, but let's kill him anyway.
Will you go and tell your master that Arthur from the Court of Camelot is here.
Oh, I remember.
It could grip it by the husk!
Well, that's what it says.
They've lost nine today.
In that case I shall have to kill you.
It is a good shrubbery.
It can't be done.
Pie Iesu domine...
Armaments, Chapter Two, verses Nine to Twenty-one.
Oh king, eh, very nice.
I... am an enchanter.
The Castle Aaagh.
It is Arthur, King of the Britons.
God be praised!
Arthur, King of the Britons!
He's going to tell!
We have found a witch.
No, I was saved at the last minute.
 One thing I can't stand, it's people groveling.
Look, you're marrying Princess Lucky, so you'd better get used to the idea!
Oh, haw haw haw haw!
Let him handle us easily.
'Oooooooh', in surprise and alarm.
Make sure 'e doesn't leave.
See you on Thursday.
Uh, I'm-- I'm not quite dead, sir.
We've lost him.
What I object to is that you automatically treat me like an inferior!
Oh, don't be such a baby.
It's not the real Grail?
How does it, um-- how does it work?
Now listen, lad.
Arthur, King of the Britons, your Knights of the Round Table shall have a task to make them an example in these dark times.
If you will not assist us voluntarily, ... ni!
Well, when's your next round?
I cannot tell, suffice to say is one of the words the Knights of Ni cannot hear.
Four shalt thou not count, nor either count thou two, excepting that thou then proceed to three.
Ha ha ha ha!
And we shall watch... and pray.
Oh, shut up and go and change your armor.
I have a plan, sir.
Is he all right?
So, I built a second one.
Oh, wicked, bad, naughty Zoot!
Here's your ninepence.
Ha ha ha!
Well it's only because you don't brush my teeth.
Haw haw heh..
By exploiting the workers!
To the north there lies a cave-- the cave of Caerbannog-- wherein, carved in mystic runes upon the very living rock, the last words of Olfin Bedwere of Rheged... ... make plain the last resting place of the most Holy Grail.
Joseph of Arimathea!
Yes, we are.
the strongest castle in these islands.
I never did!
Who are the Britons?
W-- well, actually I-- I am a Knight of the Round Table.
Pie Iesu domine, dona eis requiem.
I warned you!
We shall attack at once!
He killed my auntie!
Are you from, uh, Camelot?
No, it floats!
Prepare a bed for our guest.
That's the most foul, cruel, and bad-tempered rodent you ever set eyes on.
There's only a hundred-and-fifty of them!
You got my note!
God be praised
The coconut's tropical!
I'm being repressed!
Good idea, O Lord!
Practice your art.
You're fooling yourself.
Well, now, uh, Launcelot, Galahad, and I, uh, wait until nightfall, and then leap out of the rabbit, taking the French, uh, by surprise.
Torment me no longer.
I've had worse.
Why do think I have this outrageous accent, you silly king-a?!
I-- I-- I think I c-- I could pull through, sir.
Picture for Schools, take eight.
But by a two-thirds majority in the case of more major--
Oh, what a give-away.
And not too expensive.
And there again!
We dance when e'er we're able.
Go and tell your master that we have been charged by God with a sacred quest.
You're a looney.
And Winter gave Spring and Summer a miss and went straight on into Autumn.
He was not afraid to die, O brave Sir Robin.
Oh, bloody hell.
None shall pass.
Who goes there?
We're living in a dictatorship.
Anybody armed must go too.
Pie Iesu domine, ...
God be with you.
Augh, we didn't!
Well, how did you become king then?
That's my point.
What also floats in water?
No, no, please!
Let him tackle us single-handed!
But I don't want any of that.
He'll do you up a treat mate!
I know, but I want the-- the girl that I marry to have...  ... a certain... special... something!
Packing it in and packing it up, And sneaking away and buggering up, And chickening out and pissing off home, Yes, bravely he is throwing in the sponge.
 And I feel sure that the merger-- er, the union between the Princess and the brave, but dangerous, Sir Launcelot of Camelot--
Yes, but I-- aaaaaah!
Well, on second thought, let's not go to Camelot.
If he will give us food and shelter for the night he can join us in our quest for the Holy Grail.
Um, l-- look, i-- i-- if we built this large wooden badger-- 
Look, I'm fine!
You're using coconuts!
I built this kingdom up from nothing.
Ha ha ha ha...
On y va. Bon magne.
Until you, or anyone else--
That's-- that's, uh-- that's enough music for now, lads.
I am your king!
 Arthur, this is the Holy Grail.
Five is right out.
Oh, come, come.
But-- but I don't like her.
You only killed the bride's father, that's all!
Build a bridge out of her.
Silly little bleeder.
I have seen the Grail!
No, we've got to find the Holy Grail.
